0.23.12 Changelog (#298)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/09_resources/01_release-notes.md

If you're looking to upgrade to Astronomer v0.23 from Astronomer v0.16, refer to [Upgrade to Astronomer v0.23](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/upgrade-to-0-23/). For instructions on how to upgrade to a patch version within the Astronomer v0.23 series, refer to [Upgrade to a Patch Version of Astronomer Enterprise](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/upgrade-astronomer-patch/).

We're committed to testing all Astronomer Enterprise versions for scale, reliability and security on Amazon EKS, Google GKE and Azure AKS. If you have any questions or an issue to report, don't hesitate to [reach out to us](https://support.astronomer.io).

> **Note:** The perceived version gap between Astronomer Enterprise v0.16 and v0.23 is due to the nature of Astronomer's release schedule. To optimize for security and reliability, Astronomer Cloud releases are made available to Enterprise users only after they've passed a dedicated testing process. Astronomer Enterprise v0.23 includes _all_ changes made available on Astronomer Cloud between v0.16 and v0.23, in addition to Enterprise-only functionality.

## Astronomer v0.23

> Latest Patch Release: **v0.23.9**

Reviewer: What happened to 0.23.11, did we not publish release notes for it?

### v0.23.12

Release Date: March 23, 2021

#### Platform Support for Ingress Annotations

In Astronomer Enterprise 0.23, you can now configure the behavior of Ingress resources by specifying [annotations](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/ingress-resources/advanced-configuration-with-annotations/) in your `config.yaml` file. To do so, add annotations to the `ingressAnnotations` dictionary in your `config.yaml` file. Then, push the changes to your platform as described in [Apply a Config Change](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config).

#### Platform Support for Disabling Alertmanager Clustering

In private networks, you might want to disable Alertmanager clustering to avoid failures due to a gossip protocol. To do so, you can now configure `alertmanager.disableClustering` in your `config.yaml` file and push the change to your platform as described in [Apply a Config Change](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config).

#### Bug Fixes and Improvements

> - Values of Variables defined in Astronomer UI now properly reflect values in Kubernetes secret.

Reviewer: Absolutely a bug!

> - Values of Variables defined in Astronomer UI now properly reflect values in Kubernetes secret.

Author: I cut the last clause from this, as stating it rendered incorrectly implies that it wasn't doing the expected behavior we mention here.

- Values for fluentd in `config.yaml` now properly concatenate in the resulting fluentd ConfigMap.

> - Network Load Balancer (NLB) is now the default AWS load balancer. Previously, the default was Classic Load Balancer.

Reviewer: hmm .. now that we have the ability to configure the behavior of Ingress resources in a generic way by adding annotations, I think we have removed the change to make nlb the default load balancer on EKS and are letting users do it themselves. Is that right @danielhoherd ?

> - Network Load Balancer (NLB) is now the default AWS load balancer. Previously, the default was Classic Load Balancer.

Reviewer 2: @vishwas-astro confirmed today that this line is correct! Resolving.

> - Refactored and improved security for quay.io/astronomer images.

Reviewer 2: Hm, what images are we talking about here? Our Airflow/AC images, or platform ones? If it's just `ap-registry` and `ap-db-bootstrapper` (per what I see in GH), I might just specify those, otherwise the `quay.io/astronomer` path is too general.

Reviewer 2: If we're talking about AC and there were a bunch of security fixes in 1.10.15 and in other AC patches, I'd lean towards having a specific section for that, which even links out to changelog for those patches and for 1.10.15 itself.

Given the 1.10.15 release, I might even do `### Support for Airflow 1.10.15` and then `### Support for latest Astronomer Certified Patch Releases` like we do here: https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.16/resources/release-notes

Reviewer: There are a whole number of platform images that were updated in this release. ap-registry, ap-db-bootstrapper, ap-elasticsearch, ap-fluentd, ap-curator, ap-nginx, ap-nginx-es, ap-grafana, ap-kibana, ap-nats-server, bitnami/postgresql, quay.io/prometheus/node-exporter, ap-postgres-exporter (I referred to this commit: https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/commit/4e3fc85b493eefb3c29ed17ed2a8914744e28ce8)

> - Removed E2E testing from some images to improve security.

Reviewer 2: What Gh issue does this map to?

Reviewer: https://github.com/astronomer/issues/issues/2631

> - BugFix: fixed CVEs in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- BugFix: Addressed CVEs found in the following platform images:
```

Reviewer: There are more than just 2 images where we have resolved vulnerabilities. Please see my above comment.

    - `ap-db-bootstrapper`
    - `ap-registry`
    - `ap-vendor/fluentd`
- BugFix: Airflow task logs were not present in Airflow UI on IKS + 0.23.9. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1023))

> - BugFix:  Setting `AIRFLOW__KUBERNETES__FS_GROUP:50000` in the Astronomer UI doesn't force the fsGroup setting in the pod template. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/190))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- BugFix: Setting `AIRFLOW__KUBERNETES__FS_GROUP:50000` in the Astronomer UI doesn't force the fsGroup setting in the pod template. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/190))
```

Is `in the pod template` referring to the `pod_template` file?

Author: It looks like its named `pod-template-file` in the PR, so I think just adding "file" here will be enough context.

> - BugFix: Nginx ingress scraping only scraped one pod at a time. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1010))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- BugFix: Nginx ingress scraping for Prometheus was previously configured with the `service` role and could only scrape and report metrics for one pod at a time. Now, that pod is set to have the `endpoints` role and can collect aggregated metrics from all nginx replicas. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1010))
```

Author: I'm a little confused about what voice we take for a BugFix. I've seen previous bugs framed as the broken behavior (written as if it's still happening), whereas this one seems to focus on the current fixed behavior.  Do you have an opinion going forward about how we want to frame these?

Reviewer 2: Addressed in separate meeting - resolving!

> - BugFix: Users with the Deployment Editor role, regardless of their workspace permissions, are denied access to the Airflow UI endpoint. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1010))

Reviewer: The pull request and the bug fix are unrelated I think. 

This bug was fixed in AC.

Reviewer 2: Ya, I wouldn't include this here - this is in AC 1.10.15.

Changelog where this is referenced: https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/1.10.15/CHANGELOG.md
Commit: https://github.com/astronomer/airflow/commit/950028f93e1220d49629aea10dfbaf1173b8910b

> - BugFix: Hyphenated Helm release names cause the 0.23 upgrade script to break. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1026))

Reviewer: this was not part of the Astro platform 0.23.11 artifact, but part of the upgrade script only. I dont think we need to include this.

> - BugFix: New schedulers are unable to adopt running/orphaned pods (Kubernetes executor tasks) due to a permissions error. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/191))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- BugFix: New Airflow Schedulers are unable to adopt a running Kubernetes Executor task due to a permissions error, causing that task to be set to `Queued` and then terminated. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/191))
```
